[NARRATOR] Last time, on
ragon Ball Z Kai:
Goku conceded
the match to Cell and named
Gohan as his replacement.
[CELL] You're really
up for this, huh...?
This is going to
hurt a great deal, Gohan.
[CELL] But I'm
not without kindness;
I'll be sure the pain
only lasts a second.
[NARRATOR] Can
Gohan hope to outdo Cell?
The battle continues... Now!
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
[wind blowing]
[CELL] Heh... Keep staring
at me like that kid...
It won't help.
[KRILLIN]
Oh, man...
Gohan!
[CHICHI]
My baby...!
Goku's been a
lost cause for years;
always traipsing off whenever
and wherever he felt like,
but my precious
little boy...?! Boo hoo!
A line has
been crossed...!
I've tried to raise him
with common sense,
told him not to
be like his father...
No! You don't have
to prove yourself
to a gang of macho
lug-heads, Gohan...!
Somebody pull him away
from that monster!
Honey, you're
scaring me...
[CELL]
Hyaaa!
[GOHAN]
Ah!!
[crash]
Stay still!
Okay... For reasons
as yet unknown...
The water boy
is fighting...
Though, perhaps "scampering"
is more accurate,
under the circumstances.
[MAN A] Whose big idea was
it to put a kid in the ring?!
[MAN B] There's got to be
some kind of law, right?
[CELL]
Die!!
[KRILLIN] Any more of
this and the kid's lost...
[TRUNKS]
Don't say that!
[GOHAN]
Aaah!
Pathetic child...
I warned you...
At least you have your
father to blame for
getting you into this mess.
Gohan!
Yaaaah!
[GOHAN]
Aaah!!
[crashes]
Like... Like
he was a doll...
Come on.
Maybe I overdid
things just a bit...
[chuckles]
A little harsh, perhaps...
But... what's done is done.
Uh-- Unbelievable,
ladies and gentlemen...
The first casualty of the
Cell Games is an adolescent...
A, tragically
wet-behind-the-ears water boy...
[hyperventilating]
Wait! No...!
Don't fall apart!
[PICCOLO]
You fool!
Don't you see
what you've, done?!
Why couldn't you just
listen to us for once, Goku...?!
We all warned you
this would happen!
[PICCOLO growls]
You pushed your son into
this fight...! Now what?!
Look, just
relax, Piccolo...
Have you noticed his
power level drop off at all?
[gasp]
No... Not one bit!
You've had your fun...?
Enough of this; eat a senzu...
You're the only one here worthy
of the Cell Games, Goku.
Yeah...?
Then who's that behind you?
Oh please...
[boom]
Gohan!
Wow! You are
something else, kiddo!
[CELL]
Huh?
Now this is a surprise...
It seems I've been foolish
to take you for granted, kid.
Look... Why are we fighting...?
There's no point...
We can just stop.
Huh?
[chuckles]
Hahahaha...
You lose your
nerve, little man?
Who cares if the
fight is pointless...?
Is that any reason to
halt a contest of wills?
Maybe so...
But this fight
does have a point...
If I defeat you...
Every last person
on this planet
will succumb to me--
permanently...
Or is that not incentive enough?
Look... I'm giving you
the chance to end this
without violence...
I really don't
want to hurt you...
Even if you are evil,
you can still walk away.
I'm not interested
in fighting you just...
for the challenge.
My dad's the one who
cares about that stuff.
What'd he say...?
Can you hear what
he's tellin' Cell?
I can't seem
to make it out...
Hey... Your microphone's
picking this up, yeah?
Nah, they're
talkin' too quiet.
Look I understand
your reluctance
to continue this battle.
But you thinking you
could actually hurt me...
Well that, I don't
understand at all.
Let's face it...
You couldn't make a
dent in me if I stood
here motionless...
Correct, little man?
Dad said I was the only
one who could take you...
And I think I'm
finally starting to understand
what he meant by that.
Well, by all means...
enlighten me.
For as long as I can remember...
whenever I got real mad...
things would happen around
me I couldn't explain...
Crazy things.
[GOHAN] I think the first
time I noticed something
was when that
Saiyan named Raditz
came to Earth and attacked us...
[GOKU]
Aaah!!
[RADITZ] This is what
happens to fools who show
mercy on the battle field.
You stop hurting... my dad!
[RADITZ gasping]
[GOHAN] Then, while I was
training with Piccolo...
But I can't... I'm not
as strong as you think!
[PICCOLO] Do it!
Release your power!
Let's see what you've got!
[explosion]
What the...! How did he...
Unbelievable...!
He's more powerful
than I could've imagined!
[GOHAN] Later, when
we flew to Planet Namek
and had to deal with Frieza...
Krillin, no!
You actually think
you can save him...?
Sorry... I'm afraid, he's sunk.
[GOHAN]
No...! Move!
I... I said move...!
Aaaaahh!
[explosion]
See, I can't explain it,
but whenever I lost my temper,
something snapped, and
this hidden power I didn't
even know I had
came surging out.
And now that I'm
a Super Saiyan,
if I were to lose
control like that,
there's no telling how
powerful I'd become...
I think that's the
reason why dad picked me.
He knew... If this battle
pushes me over the edge,
chances are, I'll defeat you.
Hahahahaha!
A fascinating story...
but unwise to tell.
If you intend to intimidate,
runt, it helps to know a bit
about your audience first.
Case in point...
Let's say for the
sake of argument it's true...
You have huge
reserves of power...
Well, I'm just the sort who
wants to see them first hand!
[CELL]
Yaaaaa!!
C'mon, Surprise me!
No...! Gohan!
[KRILLIN] That's it! You've got
to put a stop to this, Goku!
You're the one Cell wants!
Get back in there
and take Gohan's place!
Goku!
[GOKU] It's fine, okay...?
Gohan's got this... Trust me.
Yaaarggh!
[CELL]
Get angry!
Show me your power...!
[CELL]
Unleash it!
[GOHAN]
AHHH!!
[crash]
A devastating cavalcade
of, devastation...
How the child withstood
it I'll never know.
But, one thing I'm certain of
is that no one should have
to endure it a second time...!
Hercule, sir...
Your thoughts
on what we've seen?
Well... I'll tell you...
Poor kid was
only doin' his job...
Someone really
oughtta save him...
before it's too late.
Ah...! And will this
someone be you, Champ?
At long last...!
Hercule will
now re-enter the ring
to wow us with
his combat prowess!
Argh...! Uh, oh...
My gut feels like a
waffle iron... ow...
Uh... well, it would appear
that the Champ
is still recouping...
From his, gut.
Can the water
boy be saved...?!
Or are we all about to
witness a poor child left
to the--at best--
doubtful mercies of Cell?!
[CELL] Get angry and show me
what you're capable of!
I want to see it!
Yeah! Looks like Cell
really felt that one huh?!
Oh yea... Now I'm really gonna
bring it out of you Gohan.
[GOKU] That's right, Cell...
Give him the business...
It's what you want...
Just, when things get ugly,
don't say he didn't
try to warn you.
So now...
I will see you at full power
whether you like it or not.
No way...! That was
Frieza's technique!
[CELL]
Hahahaha...
Here are your options...
You get angry... Or I...
just stand, and crush you?
Come on Gohan...! Break free!
The water boy is being put
soundly through the wringer...!
It's only a matter of time...
Oh, dread spectacle...!
Is there nothing
sacred in this world...?!
Must the children suffer?!
[PICCOLO]
No, no... Enough...!
This can't go on!
Hear me...? Enough!
And I don't care what you
have to say about it either;
I'm stopping this fight!
Use your head...!
Even if Gohan
needed your help,
you know you'd be
worthless against Cell...!
Just wait...
He's almost there,
I promise you.
"Just wait?!"
How can you
still be so calm...?!
That's your own flesh and blood
getting pummeled out there!
Any second now
he's going to get mad.
Just wait... Watch...
You'll see what I mean when
he loses it, believe me.
Once Gohan reaches full power,
Cell will have met his match.
There's no question...
He'll win...
And despite how it looks now,
he's the only one of us who can!
[VEGETA]
Impossible...?!
How does a kid his age
really have that
much strength?!
How much more of
this can you possibly stand?
[PICCOLO] Goku!
You're making a mistake!
It doesn't matter
how strong he is;
he isn't the fighter you are...!
Think about it...!
This grand strategy of yours...
does he even know what it is?!
Do you have any clue
what's going on in
his head right now?!
He's not angry...
Or playing for time...
That boy is in greater agony
than he's ever known
in his entire life...
...and he's probably
wondering why his father
refuses to step in and save him!
Open your eyes...!
Regardless of how strong
he may or may not be,
he's still a child...!
A child you've left alone!
So... Enough...!
I'm not just standing here!
Krillin...!
Toss me a senzu bean!
Sure!
[CELL] Enough with
the charade...
I've grown tired waiting for
this over-touted power
of yours to emerge.
You now leave me no
choice but to take out my
frustration on your friends.
No!
I'll be liberating these,
thank you...
Might be something of a
nuisance in the wrong hands.
No, no, no!
Just, great!
You bore me,
but not so much that I'll
stoop to the level of amateur.
[CELL CHUCKLES]
Whatever you're going to d--
Look it's my call,...
I'd gladly show you
my true power if
I thought you'd
return the favor...
But no... While you sit there
controlling yourself
I'll acquaint your
friends with the privilege.
No...! No you can't...!
Please, I... I lied,
I don't really have
any hidden power...
This is everything!
[CELL CHUCKLES]
Oh, don't
underestimate yourself.
I'm betting a little extra
motivation will work wonders.
[PICCOLO]
Watch yourselves!
His sights are on us now!
[GOKU] No... Why didn't
I eat a senzu bean
when he gave me the chance?
[CELL LAUGHS]
No!!!
Stop wasting my
time with this pitiful act!
Sixteen...?!
What are you d--...?!
[ANNOUNCER]
Hold the phone!
Another challenger is on hand!
Could this man be
the savior we've been
so anxiously awaiting?!
What's he doing?
He's taken advantage
of the fact that an android's
power can't be sensed!
Wait! Is he actually gonna
try to defeat Cell on his own?!
What exactly does he
think he's going to accomplish?!
Let's jump in and fight!
[ANDROID 16] No...!
Wait! Stay back!
I am going to
engage self-destruction!
[GROUP GASPS]
You're crazy!
You must take cover!
I have been fitted with
an explosive apparatus...
I am programmed to use
it as a last resort.
Do not, come any closer...
I do not wish to catch
you in the blast as well.
Cell...! I know now that
I must rid the world
of your evil presence
regardless of the cost!
We will both be destroyed...
and with us...
this nightmare ends.
All of Dr. Gero's ambitions...
His plan to conquer the world,
and wreak senseless havoc...
It is finished!
[CELL CONTINUES TO
STRUGGLE WITH ANDROID 16]
He... He's gonna to do it!
Goodbye!
[ANDROID 16 BEGINS TO ROAR]
♪ ENDING SONG ♪
[GOHAN]
Hey! It's me, Gohan...!
Why are you
doing this, Sixteen?!
[ANDROID 16]
Because it must be done.
If my fate is to
serve as a weapon,
I would rather it be a
weapon used for good.
[GOHAN]
I don't want to fight...
I don't want to hurt anybody.
But if my attitude puts
everyone in danger,
I don't want that either!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[ANDROID 16] Fight for what
you believe in, Gohan!